other than like c9 + TL which seem like
the strongest seems out of them those
would be our competition for finals well
it is the 8th week of LCS the window is
rapidly closing on the opportunity to
make it to playoffs
I'm with prolly who once more once again
for so many years is sneaking his way
into through that little window by
relying on the talents of those around
them coverage of course brought to you
by Omni / prolly how do you keep doing
this well first of all thank you for
that introduction that was very lovely
and mostly nice yeah how do I keep doing
it I think I I think I'm a bad actor but
maybe that's just because I'm my
harshest critic and in the real world
I'm actually like it's just smurfing on
everything no one has any clue what I'm
doing what I'm just thinking even though
it's like I've made that I'm the
personification of fake it til you make
it so you are a fake yes absolutely
you're somehow making it I mean this
could be part of the acting that's why
I'm so good I don't know what I'm doing
you don't know what I'm doing it's just
you can't guess speaking speaking of
your somehow survival we have seen we
have seen so many coaches get just
purged out those last couple of weeks
and you're still here
again like how did you survive that
purge yeah purge is a well I watched the
movies Nick Alan literally dragged Tony
out of the and just threw him on the
ground pulled out a pistol yeah sorry
about that yeah well let's talk about
that in a second but right how did you
survive this purge how did I survive it
they come did you see Nate shot like
sneaking around kind of thinking about
ways to murder you you just staying
there with like a knife in the back like
yeah yeah no I actually I haven't even
felt like remotely worried about my
position like although like I am like
because like when we do badly I like
take it upon myself and stuff
the way like Matt and John and Jackson
like everyone knows these organization
they're like so overly supportive of me
and the team it's like I've never really
had a moment where I'm like oh they're
gonna just like kick me and this whole
team is gonna be like really weird it's
like do they really like believe in like
me and the whole team like going forward
so I'm actually really happy with them
especially like during all this like
yeah the purging that's going on I'm
really glad I'm not part of one of those
organizations because that sounds like
absolutely terrifying like no clue
what's happening teams losing kick head
coach awesome yeah you so you were
mentioning that you seemed surprised by
Tony's departure from CLG I mean this is
one of the moments where it's like when
it happened I was really surprised and
then like I guess looking at it like
without any emotions and looking just
like straight numbers-wise like yeah
there's like losing everything and they
like they had bad spring split so at
this point I guess
yeah the way like league is you suddenly
like big like player contracts usually
and like the player deadline is like
really soon in the split so you don't
really get chances to ever move players
after a certain point so if something
needs to change like this could be like
the motivation to get them on track or
maybe it really was like he just doesn't
fit with them cuz yeah coaches really
need to be mostly I can pick for the
players or vice versa one of the
combinations so after he got kicked that
was really shocked because I don't know
I I respect him a lot but I guess yeah
if you're losing and spring and losing
in summer it's the order will do
something if they don't know if they
can't do roster changes something else
happens I I kind of get it but it still
feels really like crazy when I see like
five coaches being like just like kicked
and replaced and a couple weeks ban like
it's it's I'm surprised you're saying
you're not worried cuz I'd be looking
around being like wow there's a plague
going around taking these guys out one
by one I mean unless yeah I don't know
the man and John and Jackson they're all
like really genuine guys so I've never
had that feeling around them well and
you're showing results to I think I'm
sure that's helpful yeah I guess doing
well but I mean even echo fox had some
turnover it wasn't really a kicking but
even like any kind of like change and
the coaching side seems really like
I don't abrasive for the team it's like
this is like the moment in summer split
where you have to like pick it up go
really fast and like when you're just
like changing stuff it's like I don't
know hope the team can like pick up this
like lack of like knowledge or direction
I guess it's like the hope with some of
these changes so I don't know because
what I in my mind one of things that
surprised me about the Toni thing is
that they only got a couple of weeks
left and my mind like you're in it or
you're out like it's you know it feels
weird to meet you in your opinion do you
think there is the potential for CLG to
resolve their issues with their coach
leaving for the final two weeks well the
only like advantage I see and like this
kind of thing cuz it happened maybe like
two years ago in Europe was like fnatic
like they're losing a whole bunch and
then like kind of kicked de loire and
they had no coach for a while but then
they like flopped in playoffs so I what
I'm assuming is if you have no coach
like your well while you have a coach
you're a bit spoiled right it's like if
you go in the game someone's gonna help
you with pick fans
someone's gonna help you with like what
to pick or like blah blah blah someone's
gonna do review for you so if you like
take all that away like maybe that
lights a bit of a fire in your ass
because you go into draft and you're
like wait a second what's my top Blanes
champion pool what's my like Balinese
chain people I don't know like who's the
guy who knows all this stuff so maybe
like that kind of like gap of like
direction will help them like kind of
fill it and so I'm gonna like take that
leadership role but the big issue is if
no one was to fill that leadership role
they're gonna get way worse so I mean I
guess I'm biased cuz I'm from a head
coach perspective but yeah it's three
weeks left and I would have just said
like let's let's change something I
don't know about our daily practice
maybe or how we're practicing maybe
practice less maybe practice more or
something like I wouldn't have changed
something so drastic without like yeah
it seems too much of a gamble I guess by
moving away from the coaching stuff what
do you think of Hunter T's position
right now and where do you see them
ending up I mean is there a chance you
guys win finals do you feel like you're
behind a couple teams like what do you
generally think of the situation with
the team I think if we can play like the
day we
in finals against we can actually beat
CL if we can perform like we did today
and in your mind TL is assumed to be
there with you well yeah I assume TL is
gonna be there because right now I just
don't see any other teams other than
maybe like c9 kind of like sneaking up a
bit so this is just like what I know now
you know predicting the future so I'm
ready to be wrong but other than like c9
n TL which seem like the strongest seems
awesome those would be our competition
for finals and I think TL is the one
we've had the worst record against so
that's why I mentioned them first like
if we can play this way cuz just
historically there's been the hardest
team we played I think like c9 we have a
1 1 or 2 O in spring like 1 1 and summer
or actually we haven't played them yet
we beat on 1st time okay so yeah we
played them once so I think we play them
week 9 so look to see if we can get the
clean - oh but other tail just seems
like it they've had our number for so
long but I think what we showed today
this is like a good growth period for us
if we can like keep this up I really
like how our matchup against CL will be
hopefully in playoffs there is an event
that is occurring and a couple days that
I think it's interesting cuz it's it's
gonna put a lot of pressure on every
single coach and every single region
around the world to make sure that their
players stay on track are you ready for
this and you've got you've got a player
who I think it's very predisposed to be
to be distracted by those the battle for
Azeroth will be beginning probably and
and there's a draw a pull that I've seen
like every two years this event occurs
right around Worlds and then you see
which teams can win and survive or which
teams you hear well on behind the scenes
at group stage they were just great yeah
they were raiding or you know
yeah so so are you are you ready to try
to police this oh absolutely
mmm OHS have been on my list of like if
I see you playing them I'll murder you
because I'm very much like I'm very
agreeable when it comes to playing other
games or doing things other than League
of Legends outside of scrim time like I
push my players like don't just do
nothing and like watch TV all day like
literally go practice other video games
and a little intern help you with League
but world Warcraft is one of them that I
do not believe does unless you're doing
like maybe competitive arena I can like
you can swing it but every time I watch
anyone play wow they're just like afk
farming carrots and stuff like that so I
know if any of us start playing wow it's
like they're just gonna be leveling for
hours and not getting any kind of
mechanical skill or thought process
going on so I will have to watch Zac
Effron ooh he is a history he could
relapse he's the most susceptible to the
to the new world Warcraft expansion so I
had to watch him very closely I think
everyone else is okay though so Zac's
the only one I feel like hey man what do
you been doing I am I am in a I'm in a
guild right now that na LCS guild and
like there there are a couple coaches in
there and some players have been joining
recently what somebody who's playing is
Tony Tony spinning I just my bear oh
these are the guild I mean I want to
play wow so that's like that helps me
police them a bit because I want it to
so I'm like not letting myself play it
so every time I get the urge like oh man
would it be so great to play it I'll
think in my head like I have to make
sure it's axe not playing it yeah I'm
thinking about I have a support page
where people can like twitch prime sub
or they can you know use my patreon or
whatever I'm thinking about including
like I here's my character's name on
Tyco Andria's hoard I will take gold
yeah of course I rolled on take hundreds
in 2004 not knowing it would become like
the eSports server ever that's why it's
very clear I was meant to work in
eSports I almost always play Alliance
but everybody's playing hard so I
switched and I know a bunch of people
are gonna get it's like super Alliance
heavy isn't it no it's super hard heavy
yeah
either way thinking about just accepting
gold there is a support a form of
support you know I think
that's the old likewow days like I still
remember when I was younger a younger
lad playing video games I just did an
organ RB like does anyone have a 15
silver from my guild charter I need I
need signatures yeah you know so I
remember that no one want to join your
guild well no by myself and I just need
I didn't need them to join I needed the
signatures right because you need them
to sign the Charter gilts are normally a
great way to like meet people make
friends you were by yourself you're just
oh yeah I started Wow by myself
eventually people started playing by
okay so you did find friends eventually
because I when I first started the game
yeah I'm terrible at it and I'm begging
for money do you think I was begging for
money okay
what what what racing classes you play I
have an idea but I'm not gonna say
somewhat offensive you should just say
is there an offensive like class and
rule the Warcraft I I feel like if now
yes you you you say what you play
alright so I'm and in like vanilla TVC
Bulova or warlock I thought you were
Alliance I play the lines like later
when I realized that they're literally
the exact same it was just in my head
but when I was younger and I was playing
I was like for the Horde if you play
lunch or a bad person or something
something something so I eventually came
to the point where it's like oh yeah I
play horde mostly cuz or except like
awesome shoulders sounds like you want
to play oh absolutely I honestly would
love to play and this like this stupid
like job thing out here that you need in
life is like preventing me from doing
what I want but you know I think that's
just part of life yeah anything you want
to say to anybody no no don't say
anything to anybody except for the fans
hundred these love you guys thank you
check out my coverage of all things east
force right here on my youtube channel
hey everybody thank you for supporting
Travis gaffer's content if you like his
stuff please like subscribe and comment
on YouTube and also make sure to
subscribe to him on Twitch because he
needs the money twitch.tv slash Travis
cafard and thank you to Omni slash for a
sponsoring him and making sure he has a
home